resume.md, before:

# 1. Review
## 1.1 Four pilars of OOP
<br>

### | 1.1.1 Abstraction 
is a model of a real-world object or phenomenon, limited to a specific context, which represents all details relevant to this context with high accuracy and omits all the rest.
<br><br>

### | 1.1.2 Encapsulation 
is the ability of an object to hide parts of its state and behaviors from other objects exposing only a limted interface to the rest of the program
<br><br>

### | 1.1.3 Inheritance 
is the ability to build new classes on top of exist-
ing ones. The main benefit of inheritance is code reuse. If you
want to create a class that’s slightly different from an existing
one, there’s no need to duplicate code. Instead, you extend the
existing class and put the extra functionality into a resulting
subclass, which inherits fields and methods of the superclass.
<br><br>

### | 1.1.4 polymorphism 
is the ability of an object
to “pretend” to be something else, usually a class it extends or
an interface it implements. In our example, the dogs and cats
in the bag were pretending to be generic animals.
<br><br>

# 2. Software Design Principles
## 2.1 Features of a good design
1. Code Reuse
2. Extensibility

## 2.2 Design Principles
### | 2.2.1 Encapsulate What Varies
Identify the aspects of your application that vary and
separate them from what stays the same.
The main goal of this principle is to minimize the effect caused
by changes.

### | 2.2.2 Program to an Interface, not an Implementation
Program to an interface, not an implementation. Depend
on abstractions, not on concrete classes.

### | 2.2.3 Favor Composition Over Inheritance
There’s an alternative to inheritance called composition.
Whereas inheritance represents the “is a” relationship between
classes (a car is a transport), composition represents the “has
a” relationship (a car has an engine).

<br>

## 2.3 SOLID principles

### | 2.3.1  <b><span style="font-size:larger;color:red;">S</span></b>ingle Responsibility Principle
A class should have just one reason to change. <br>
Try to make every class responsible for a single part of the
functionality provided by the software, and make that respon-
sibility entirely encapsulated.
### | 2.3.1  <b><span style="font-size:larger;color:red;">O</span></b>pen/Closed Principle
Classes should be open for extension but closed for
modification.<br>
The main idea of this principle is to keep existing code from
breaking when you implement new features. If a class is already developed, tested, reviewed, and included in some framework or otherwise used in an app, trying to mess with its code is risky. Instead of changing the code of the class directly, you can create a subclass and override parts of the original class that you want to behave differently. You’ll achieve your goal but also won’t break any existing clients of the original class.
### | 2.3.1  <b><span style="font-size:larger;color:red;">L</span></b>iskov Substitution Principle
When extending a class, remember that you should be
able to pass objects of the subclass in place of objects of
the parent class without breaking the client code.<br>
This means that the subclass should remain compatible with
the behavior of the superclass. When overriding a method,
extend the base behavior rather than replacing it with some-
thing else entirely.<br>
- Parameter types in a method of a subclass should match or be
more abstract than parameter types in the method of the super-
class.
- The return type in a method of a subclass should match or be
a subtype of the return type in the method of the superclass.
- A method in a subclass shouldn’t throw types of exceptions
which the base method isn’t expected to throw.
- A subclass shouldn’t strengthen pre-conditions.   
- A subclass shouldn’t weaken post-conditions.
- Invariants of a superclass must be preserved.
- A subclass shouldn’t change values of private fields of the
superclass.
### | 2.3.1  <b><span style="font-size:larger;color:red;">I</span></b>nterface Segregation Principle
Clients shouldn’t be forced to depend on methods they
do not use.<br>
Try to make your interfaces narrow enough that client classes
don’t have to implement behaviors they don’t need.
### | 2.3.1  <b><span style="font-size:larger;color:red;">D</span></b>ependency Inversion Principle
High-level classes shouldn’t depend on low-level class-
es. Both should depend on abstractions. Abstractions
shouldn’t depend on details. Details should depend on
abstractions.

<br>

# 3. Design Patterns
## 3.2 Creational Patterns
Creational patterns provide object creation mechanisms that
increase flexibility and reuse of existing code.
### | 3.2.1 Factory Method
Factory Method is a creational design pattern that provides
an interface for creating objects in a superclass, but allows
subclasses to alter the type of objects that will be created.
## 3.3 Structural Patterns
Structural patterns explain how to assemble objects and class-
es into larger structures, while keeping the structures flexible
and efficient.
## 3.4 Behavioral Patterns
Behavioral patterns take care of effective communication and
the assignment of responsibilities between objects.

Commit message:

:sparkles: add Builder and AbstractFactory patterns

resume.md, after:

# 1. Review
## 1.1 Four pilars of OOP
<br>

### | 1.1.1 Abstraction 
is a model of a real-world object or phenomenon, limited to a specific context, which represents all details relevant to this context with high accuracy and omits all the rest.
<br><br>

### | 1.1.2 Encapsulation 
is the ability of an object to hide parts of its state and behaviors from other objects exposing only a limted interface to the rest of the program
<br><br>

### | 1.1.3 Inheritance 
is the ability to build new classes on top of exist-
ing ones. The main benefit of inheritance is code reuse. If you
want to create a class that’s slightly different from an existing
one, there’s no need to duplicate code. Instead, you extend the
existing class and put the extra functionality into a resulting
subclass, which inherits fields and methods of the superclass.
<br><br>

### | 1.1.4 polymorphism 
is the ability of an object
to “pretend” to be something else, usually a class it extends or
an interface it implements. In our example, the dogs and cats
in the bag were pretending to be generic animals.
<br><br>

# 2. Software Design Principles
## 2.1 Features of a good design
1. Code Reuse
2. Extensibility

## 2.2 Design Principles
### | 2.2.1 Encapsulate What Varies
Identify the aspects of your application that vary and
separate them from what stays the same.
The main goal of this principle is to minimize the effect caused
by changes.

### | 2.2.2 Program to an Interface, not an Implementation
Program to an interface, not an implementation. Depend
on abstractions, not on concrete classes.

### | 2.2.3 Favor Composition Over Inheritance
There’s an alternative to inheritance called composition.
Whereas inheritance represents the “is a” relationship between
classes (a car is a transport), composition represents the “has
a” relationship (a car has an engine).

<br>

## 2.3 SOLID principles

### | 2.3.1  <b><span style="font-size:larger;color:red;">S</span></b>ingle Responsibility Principle
A class should have just one reason to change. <br>
Try to make every class responsible for a single part of the
functionality provided by the software, and make that respon-
sibility entirely encapsulated.
### | 2.3.1  <b><span style="font-size:larger;color:red;">O</span></b>pen/Closed Principle
Classes should be open for extension but closed for
modification.<br>
The main idea of this principle is to keep existing code from
breaking when you implement new features. If a class is already developed, tested, reviewed, and included in some framework or otherwise used in an app, trying to mess with its code is risky. Instead of changing the code of the class directly, you can create a subclass and override parts of the original class that you want to behave differently. You’ll achieve your goal but also won’t break any existing clients of the original class.
### | 2.3.1  <b><span style="font-size:larger;color:red;">L</span></b>iskov Substitution Principle
When extending a class, remember that you should be
able to pass objects of the subclass in place of objects of
the parent class without breaking the client code.<br>
This means that the subclass should remain compatible with
the behavior of the superclass. When overriding a method,
extend the base behavior rather than replacing it with some-
thing else entirely.<br>
- Parameter types in a method of a subclass should match or be
more abstract than parameter types in the method of the super-
class.
- The return type in a method of a subclass should match or be
a subtype of the return type in the method of the superclass.
- A method in a subclass shouldn’t throw types of exceptions
which the base method isn’t expected to throw.
- A subclass shouldn’t strengthen pre-conditions.   
- A subclass shouldn’t weaken post-conditions.
- Invariants of a superclass must be preserved.
- A subclass shouldn’t change values of private fields of the
superclass.
### | 2.3.1  <b><span style="font-size:larger;color:red;">I</span></b>nterface Segregation Principle
Clients shouldn’t be forced to depend on methods they
do not use.<br>
Try to make your interfaces narrow enough that client classes
don’t have to implement behaviors they don’t need.
### | 2.3.1  <b><span style="font-size:larger;color:red;">D</span></b>ependency Inversion Principle
High-level classes shouldn’t depend on low-level class-
es. Both should depend on abstractions. Abstractions
shouldn’t depend on details. Details should depend on
abstractions.

<br>

# 3. Design Patterns
## 3.2 Creational Patterns
Creational patterns provide object creation mechanisms that
increase flexibility and reuse of existing code.
### | 3.2.1 Factory Method
Factory Method is a creational design pattern that provides
an interface for creating objects in a superclass, but allows
subclasses to alter the type of objects that will be created.

### | 3.2.2 Abstract Factory
Abstract Factory is a creational design pattern that lets you produce families of related objects without specifying their concrete classes.

### | 3.2.3 Builder
Builder is a creational design pattern that lets you construct complex objects step by step. The pattern allows you to produce different types and representations of an object using the same construction code.
## 3.3 Structural Patterns
Structural patterns explain how to assemble objects and class-
es into larger structures, while keeping the structures flexible
and efficient.
## 3.4 Behavioral Patterns
Behavioral patterns take care of effective communication and
the assignment of responsibilities between objects.
